 MONOLOGUE by RADIO DJ VOICE Hey, we'll get you back to the music in a moment, but this is simultaneously the greatest and the most ridiculous vehicle ever made by my countrymen! [FART NOISE] Aw, I see you back there! [Buick Grand National creeps up from off screen] Get back there! Second place!  Ohhhhh! We'll get back to the music in a moment but the year is 1994. Hair metal is officially dead, we elected a saxophonist president (HEH HEH HAH HEH), we had Windows 3.1, Desert Storm was a rousing success, and Super Metroid was released. And in every arcade: [Virtua Racer screen]. Yeah, Ace of Base Super Set coming up at the bottom of the hour! BOTTOM OF THE HOUR. As a nation we were feeling pretty pleased with ourselves, and there was no reason to hide behind "green" and "wind power" [FART NOISE captioned "I've got your wind power right here!"]!  See, the Lincoln Town Car makes no apologies for its size. It's John Popper before the stomach staple! He's going back to Ponderosa Buffet for the fourth time, because he can! Drop trou and get some sloppy seconds, because the Town Car will tell you right on the dash how much fuel you're wasting! Oh brother, this thing is huge! You can lay in the trunk and stretch your feet all the way out! JUNK IN THE TRUNK! Oh ho, what's this? A tape player! Special Request! Crank it up, it's the Kinks! The driver's seat has more controls than a Hypercube! And passengers in the back have their own cigarette lighters: one for you, and one for two! You get a glovebox! And you get a glovebox! And you get a glovebox! And you get a glovebox! And you get a glovebo- Here's the heart! It's a 4.7 liter Modular V8 overhead camshaft! Ooooo, overhead cams! No more pushrods! BIG valve covers, BIG ignition coils, oversized brake reservoir! It's got a massive ducted fan breathing on a radiator the size of Veteran Stadium. Load up on D-Cell batteries and get ready to boo Santa! And all this American engineering gets you is [slips into normal Mr. Regular Voice] 210 horsepower. [HOOD SLAM] 