 You shift like you hate it. HARD AND ROUGH LIKE YOU FORGOT THE SAFE WORD. On the other hand, it has heavier steering than a Miata. Well duh, it would have heavier steering, right? Because it has the engine over the front wheels and the front wheels are the drive wheels and nunununuh and it's not fifty-fifty weight distribution. The cruise control on-off button - you know, the button to turn cruise control on and off - is way up on the dash, but if you want to control the cruise control the accelerate and decelerate buttons are on the steering wheel. So why the separation? I don't get it. You do sit very low so the "arm out the window" game? Not that good. Your arm is inside the car. It drives fine. But do I want one? No! No. I want a CRX. Everybody wants the CRX. Why? Because the CRX camback silhouette makes bro visors spin and testicles drop. And classes get skipped. And wallets piss themselves dryer than Of Human Bondage by Somerset Maaauuugham. Del Sols, yes, are built to a higher standard than the cafeteria quality chair CRX, targa top fitting notwithstanding. But there's another problem with the Del Sol: its name. It's soft. Del Sol. It flows. It has a lot of vowels. CRX. Rgh. Yeah. All consonants. Del Sol. The phonemes trail off, uncertain of themselves. CRX. The phonemes cut. Off. Confident. Pulling out just in time. Are you getting a Miata vibe here? Well, you should. Del Sol means "from the sun" or "of the sun" in Spanish, referring to the removable targa top although even without the removable roof the name still makes sense when you consider this car seems to exist solely to indulge in Florida driving conditions. The Del Sol was regionally badged as the Honda CRX Del Sol. Mm-hmm. Although the CRX name was eventually dropped because it's not a CRX. By 1995 Honda also dropped the original Civic name from the car as well. Because this rrreally wasn't a Civic anymore by then if it ever was at all. That said, Civic parts are pretty much interchangeable with the Del Sol. Which is why there's such a big modding community surrounding these things. You can just swap engines and suspensions like wives at a key party. The owner, Dave, I- I- I'm sorry, there are *very* tiny modifications to this Del Sol. The owner, Dave, is using European domestic market sun visors... 