 it's also got Rammat interior which is similar to the Dynamat in Silicone Sally. And he says he got the idea from *me* which is either in indication of our reach or the normality of our influence. He also bought the Del Sol from the son of its original owner who had passed away. It had been sitting in a garage for over thirteen years and so it required about $4,500 worth of work to get this thing roadworthy again. From a new ECU and fuel system to brand new tires, all the stuff that degrades when a car sits for that long. But when he was done he had a Del Sol with 33,000 miles on the clock. And since then he's put another 31,000 miles without a single problem. Outside of the original airbag computer failing which is common among these. Now the removable hardtop is its most iconic feature. And while it might be in wider use today if the Del Sol had sold well, part of the Del Sol's charm is it's Time Lord quality as the last of its kind since its run ended in the United States in 1997. You release the locks on the inside, lift the top off and then you store the entire thing on a rack inside the trunk. Also, when you roll down the rear window, it feels like a convertible because the airflow just goes right in, goes right out the back. So you can think of it like a convertible with a roll bar. The Miata guys don't have a problem with that. Each trim of the Del Sol came with a straight-four (caption: "Transverse-four, my mistake") but the differences between each trim line are thus: some came with a 1.6-liter single-jingle VTEC - I guess it's a VTEC? - while others boasted the 1.5-liter single-jingle with sixteen valves. You could also buy the S and Si versions in automatic although rrrghrhr why would you do that. Driving the Del Sol is like reuniting with your high school crush and discovering she hasn't changed a bit. Not a single pound is out of place. Not a single hair gone grey. And not the slightest hint of a leathery laugh line. Every year, fat Uncle Carl insists that this is the year the Phils'll take the pennant and the national debt gets paid off. And even that level of faith and devotion doesn't match the fidelity Dave has shown toward the Honda Del Sol. Not even Corvette guys are this loyal. So thank you, Dave. There's one Del Sol out there left out there that looks like it's new. This '95 Del Sol is an appeal to a simpler truth: that love and loyalty can be the same thing. Cars give certainty in a world that is increasingly uncertain. 