Which Corvette is best Corvette? Mine was the best... last year. Because Chinese-made taillights. Because mothball. Because JDM headlights. Which Corvette is best Corvette? My Corvette is best because glitterFFFFFUUU My Corvette is best because double badge. No, mine is best because chrome fog light covers over no fog lights. EUUUHHH Which Corvette is best Corvette? My Corvette is best because plastic chrome taillight covers. Because my toy car has an open hood just like my real car has an open hood. Because I get it! Mine is best because fake hood vents. Because they were always fake. Because black taillight louvres. FREEDOM Because my car is driving through my engine cover. Because American racing wheels. Which Corvette is best Corvette? My Corvette is best because LED taillights. SO MANY BORED WIVES Mine is best because OZ wheels. My C6 is best C6 because side pipes. Which Corvette is best Corvette? Mine is best because it's new. Because alternate history. Because bass boat paint. Because not Corvette. Because clear taillights. Because adjustable spoiler. Bimmer! Bimmer! Bimmer! Bimmer!- My Corvette is best sunglasses. My frame is best frame. My Corvette is best moped. Because I painted it with a brush. Because *maybe* carbon fiber. Because race car. Sink strainers DIIICK CLEANER~ Not a caaar... ...ha? ... (random Lexus) No lowballers, I know what I have My two-year-old daughter loves Corvettes. I need my shirt to let everybody know I love Corvettes and nuclear tests in the open air from 1961. Because my trailer is also my car. More toy cars. Brown. Rare. Rare. Rare. Rare. One of a kind. One of a kind. One of a kind. Rare. Everything is rare. Eevveerryytthhiinngg  iiss  rraarree.. Which Corvette is best Corvette? My Corvette is best because revolving toy car. My C3 is best C3 because no pop-up headlights. Because gold. My Corvette is best Corvette because I just got back from autocross. I get to choose which Corvette is best Corvette. Here's my pick. Way out here, in the middle of nowhere, far from the action, far from the tents, parked in the gravel among all the modern Corvettes is a 1965 Corvette C2 in maroon. It's got a four-on-the-floor in it and it's owned by Austin... and forgive me, I'm having a hard time with the last name... eh, 1965 Corvette, registration number 2632. I'm gonna write this down here and, ah, hopefully you'll still be around here tomorrow to pick up your award! Well I wish you were here Austin, you could've put the sticker on yourself but uh, I had to do it for you. Here's your little piece of paper right there, let's see... it's uh, they'll be given out tomorrow morning which is Sunday at 9am at Guest Services. Hope you're stickin' around. Congratulations! I love your car. Urgent care. Ow my back. Prescription? Pills! Pills? *gulp* Mmm. My Corvette is best because large glove. That black C7 is the one we filmed a while ago. The green C3 is the Real Neal. The Neal is Real! My Corvette is best because I got my own cran obscure joke. Gran Turismo 1. No officer, I'm not doing anything wrong. Civilians are allowed to have amber lights facing forward. Because flame taillight covers. Because no taillights. My Corvette is best fox body. My Corvette is best because I have roll bars that do nothing. My Corvette is best because I put my hood up to fix my hair and also look at my car. My Corvette is best because I illuminate the area under the hood with lighting that I found at a TITTY BAR. night time~ (The next morning...) *gulp* Mmm. *gulp* Which Corvette is best Sunday morning? What's better than sparkle flames? FREEDOM FLAMES.