  ARIEL ATOM. MAKE WAY, MAKE WAY. I'M A RACE CAR DRIVER, DONT'CHA KNOW. VROOM VROOM VROOM, I'M LATE FOR THE INDIANAPOLIS 500 SHITTING DICKNIPPLES This is a 2012 Ariel Atom 3 and you're NOW PICTURING YOUR GRANDMOTHER MASTURBATING AAAHAHAAHAHAHAAHAHA Pennsylvania Lotteryyy~ The Ariel Atom is classified as a kit car in the United States. That is what makes it legal. The stipulation with kit car registration is that you're supposed to build it. But Atoms come already built. I think you have to put the side mirrors on or something, like there you go! Aw, there you go, you made a car. Good for you! This Ariel Atom 3 has the optional carbon fiber aero pack which is a front spoiler and a rear wing which makes the car look even less street legal even though it's 100% street legal. The turn signals don't even self-cancel, they're like motorcycle turn switches. Its-It's a toggle switch right there, you just turn it left and you turn left and then you have to remember to reach back up and put it back to the middle position. And then turn it right to turn right and then back to the middle position. Okay. But here's the worst thing about an Ariel Atom: you can't see behind you at all. I mean, you turn right, you turn your head right, all you're lookin' at is a big engine intake. And you can't really turn your head left because you have this six pointers- five or six point harness on. So you have to do everything by your mirrors. You have to be like a really skilled bus driver to be able to drive a car the size of your bed. What the owner did is put a third mirror, and you can see it right there, there's three rear-view mirrors. The third mirror is supposed to look at your blind spot. And it works but you have to really be in tune for the dimensions of this car. Is it fast? This beats a Tesla. Matt Farah confirmed this for- with me, the Ariel Atom is the only car that accelerates faster in second gear than it does in first. 'Cause that K-20 Civic engine isn't pulling any weight behind you. Driving an Ariel Atom is what you thought driving was like when you were nine. It will turn anybody into a child. This is right up there with an AW11 in how happy and joyous and beautiful it is. And Ariel Atom is proof that we humans are still playful creatures. Cars don't have to be boring. They can be fun! And they can be fun all day, every day! The owner of this car owns two vehicles: this Atom and a Tesla. Why should life be boring? I know there is a price point involved here. But just like Ferris Bueller, if you have the means I highly suggest picking one of these up. Anyway. It's Christmas morning so I'm gonna have some nog. Roman's gonna take over for the rest of this review. 