Regular Car Reviews Subaru Loyale  /u/kurosaur Mr. Regular: What's the French term for a dad who drives a Subaru and tells bad jokes? {beat} A Loyale with cheese. The Roman: {To the tune of Green Day's "When I Come Around"} No time to ask the dealer how I can buy this car right now Subaru Loyale Mr. Regular: Hey all you bug-eyed and hawk-eyed drivers, yeah, put down your vape pens. And you're indoors, so take off that hat before I put a bend in it. Gonna take that flat-brimmed hat and put a bend in it like God intended. Listen, the only reason your snowmachines with their fwuh-fwuh-fuhfuhfuh exhaust and the only reason Subaru of North America exists AT ALL is because of the Loyale. You owe your entire subculture to this car. This pokey little station wagon was Subaru's foot in the door for yanks. GAH! EYES    EYES  RIGHT HERE {"DETERMINATION" flashes on-screen in place of "RIGHT HERE" for a brief second before the scene returns to car footage.} Forget the BRAT. The BRAT was fun, *too* fun. It wasn't a car for settling into marriage and driving around a wife that {Mr. Regular sighs} I *guess* I'll learn to love. Because the Loyale succeeded where the BRAT didn't. Originally called the Leone, and built in 1971 for world markets, this car came out of Subaru's poop chute looking like a Datsun B210 in the day; y'know, complete with side mirrors mounted way down in the corner panels, hell, they're almost on the roof. But by 1984, the Leone became the Loyale in North America because we had our fill with queer Italian names. Y'see, "Loyale" sounds like "loyal", and "loyal" means steadfast devotion. Good behavior was a positive emotion that Subaru wanted customers to think of when they were looking at this wagon. A car called a Loyale is for showing up early for Sunday school and helping the pastor hand out illustrated children's bibles and one illustrated family bible because the church doesn't have enough. On the other hand, a Subaru BRAT is for the parents of the one kid who got laid in SIXTH GRADE. Dude, he just found out how to give himself a handy and already he's shoving it into HOT BOX. Dude, even kids from OTHER school districts heard about *that* guy. In the United States, we got a 1.8L single overhead cam EA82 flat four with throttle-body fuel injection PUMPED FULL OF BARN LOVE. This was an engine more pitiful than a boomer yelling at a Wendy's drive-thru. It made around eighty horsepower