Which Ford is best Ford? My Ford is best because flatplane -unintelligible-.  My Ford is best Ford because ten-thousand dollars invested.  No, MY Ford is best Ford because fifteen-thousand dollars invested.  Thirty-thousand.  Forty-thousand.  -gritty voice- FIFTY-THOUSAND.  I told you how much money I invested in the craigslist ad that I posted. Feel sorry for me.  My Ford is best Ford because it's the Meg Griffin of Mustangs.  Here's my toy car.  90's doors.  The box said 10 horsepower.  -rapid cuts to air filters- 10, 10, the box said 10 horsepower.  White gauge inserts. //Helloooo//.  Nice Cobra.  Focus ST.  -semi-southern accent- Because I really liked John Wayne in the Searchers, because he was racist.  -back to normal voice- All these people want to know which Ford is best Ford.  My Ford is best Ford because no hearse rental companies will have one.  My engine cover is best engine cover.  Hipster bait.  Rich, Portland, Oregon, hipster bait.  My Ford is best because I wanna look like my probation officer.  Because show car. Because "Show, Car." My Ford is best because it's the easier one to work on. My Ford is best mailbox.  My Ford is best because INVESTMENT.  They're not makin' any more of these!  -dad voice- I'm your dad.  Go to your room.  Go to your corner.  You've been screwin' up too much in church. -slowed down and pitch bent- I'm your daaa-. -back to normal; sing-songy- Here come the men in black.  My Gran Torino is best because it'll be worth something someday.  My Ford is best Ford because I put mirrors down on the grass that I bought at Dollar General.  Our Fords are best Fords because they're from a television show we pretend to like.  Which Ford is best not mustang?  My XR4Ti is best XR4Ti because it's a Jalopnik spank-bank.  Spank-bank.  Haven't you heard? Slow is cool. -Country Accent- Which Ferd is best Ferd?  My Ferd's best Ferd 'cause I'm the first guy to say "danger ranger."  Danger ranger.  Danger ranger. -Normal Voice- I covered up my headlight so they work less, so I put more fog lights in to balance it out. I bought a Ford because I like motorcycles.  You sure are.  Here come the raaain!  I can see what they mean; they really did want the Thunderbird to be a competitor to the Corvette back in the 50's and 60's.  Oh good, all the other automotive journalists are here.  Close enough.  My Ford is best Ford because it's the one Reddit likes.  If you have a Ford that's modern and not a Mustang you have to park here 