 YES! Yes, you can believe the hype! ...within the Ideal World of Physics. Remember the Ideal World of Physics? In high school? That wonderful place with no air resistance or variables when all things line up for a simple worksheet? Yeah, I'm a fairy English major and even I could solve those playpen slinky physics problems senior year. Once boost comes on in second gear - and sorry, no boost in first gear for safety or whatever reasons - the ECU nanny states your waste gate and don't worry, somebody'll find a way around that. When the boost comes on the RS rockets forward like a paperclip launched from three rubber bands from the other side of the band room right bulls-eye on the tam tam. IT'S A TAM TAM, IT'S NOT A GONG. (clapping) C'mon Subaru, get it together. Subaru! Ford just made a STI and they made it better than you did. Get it together. Driving position: snug. Clutch: light. Shifter throw: flickable. Turn-in: intuitive. Even high-gear pulls are acceptable. Ride in sixth ge- yeah, I know, sixth gear is nothing more than a highway gas-sipper gear and expect nothing from it. *sniff* Rear visibility: awful. High door sills and a drooping rear roofline means the rear-facing back-up camera- that thing should be on all the time, like a Tesla. Because you can't head check when changing lanes. There's little to see and that's unnerving. You're supposed to use those little mirror extensions, those mirror inserts there, those wide-angle things- they don't work. It's not enough. We have, in 2016, a Ford-designed problem that exists in nearly every car they make now. Even the Mustang. And... and I don't like this, I don't like that you can't see out of the back of Fords these days. And- and the solution is easy. All you have to do is make the multi-function screen be able to constantly show a feed from the rear camera. That's it. I mean, that's what they did with the Tesla, it's a software problem. They could do it, you could do it but Ford isn't doing it. Speaking of software... let's talk about Drift Mode. Drift Mode is a drive train management setting marketed as a tier above Sports Mode. All Drift Mode does is send the majority or maximum amount of power to the rear wheels. That's it, that's all it does. Let's get one thing clear here: Drift Mode doesn't help you drift. The Drift Mode on a Ford Focus RS doesn't help you drift. All it is is a power management setting. And what happened is... well, what happened was Darwinism. Already we've had a few Ford Focus RS crashes from kids trying to drift because they think when they press that button the computer's gonna help them hold slides. It doesn't do that. Yes, traction control is still engaged but it's not magical. Drift Mode doesn't *help* you drift. All it does is *let* you drift or set up the conditions where you can induce rear wheel spin. That's all. And as the good Doctor would say, anybody who presses that Drift Mode button and thinks it's gonna turn them into Ken Block or whoever else, you deserve whatever happens to you. And- a- yeah, I know, 70 to 100% to the rear wheels. Blah blah blah. By that logic the Vagabond Falcon has drift mode. IT'S CALLED ALL THE TIME. (Caption: "I don't have any footage of the Vagabond Falcon drifting because I couldn't find private property on which to drive like a knucklehead.") And while we're on the subject of 350 horsepower, figure about 310 to the wheel, I know that's still a lot. That's according to the owner, Alfred. He claims the RS gets about 19 miles per gallon. Although he's gotten as much as 27 miles per gallon on a road trip to Maine... eh, that's about it. The Focus RS isn't an economy car anymore, not anymore. The Focus RS was built in Germany on April 18 so it shares a birthday with David Tennant, James Woods, Melissa Joan Hart, Conan O'Brien and Daisy from Angels (sic) of SHIELD. Engineers and designers are beginning to work around the horrible safety standards of 2016. We're finding ways to move the exterior  bits of the car around to try to make it look good again and I'm happy for this. But in spite of this there are still a lot of issues that pop up with the Focus RS. For one, the turning radius is TERRIBLE. In fact, it's three feet worse than an Evo. And it makes a *ton* of brake dust due to its weird torque vectoring, although I guess that's more of a nitpick than a dealbreaker. It's- It's an old saying that the more ideal something is, the more the little problems about it will bother you. Like a girlfriend who makes an amazing casserole, doesn't complain about her mother all day and doesn't think handies are an adequate substitute for oral but she's got this annoying laugh like Spongebob Squarepants exploring the hidden worlds of his own PROSTATE. Oh, I need to add, there's no spare tire here either. Just Fix-a-Flat. It's also got far less trunk space than the Focus ST and the bolsters on the seat are too high. So it's a pain in the ass to get in and out of this thing. And maybe I'm just getting older but lumbar support is starting to become important. While Recaro seats are great, I can't fight the feeling that this car is going to leave my spine looking like a maze on the back of a children's dinner menu. Alfred gets a lot of heckling from guys in Evos who thinks (sic) he spent too much money on this. But that's kind of like throwing stones at glass double wides. Because those guys spent at *least* as much on modifications if not more. From an aesthetic standpoint... m'yeah. It's a handsome car. But there is RS badging all over this thing, like a pox. It's as if Ford couldn't bear the thought of people mistaking this for an STI or a Civic Type R. But hey, aesthetic and reliability means a lot to Alfred. He took it on a, uh, 1,700-mile road trip with his family from Virginia to Carlisle to New York City to Connecticut right up to Maine and back so it's not that surprising that none of these issues are dealbreakers for him. He has no plans to mod it. At all. Outside of getting a rear differential cooler once Ford puts one out. This is a man with a family so he needs something he can rely upon. And he can rely upon the RS. And if you're a family man, here's how to convince... "The Team"... that an RS is good for the family. And it's the same thinking that went into the Focus ST. But this is a little bit different because the price point is higher than the Focus ST. What you need to do to convince your significant other that a Focus RS is "yes, that's good" is to do the old office politic trope of offering your boss two choices, one to accept and one to reject. First, you go CRAZY for the Mustang GT350. You rave about it. You go to dealerships and start looking at 'em. And your wife - sexist joke - is gonna go, "Oh no, no no no, you're gonna die, you're gonna kill the family and I'm gonna F