Yo, I got a motorcycle permit! Congratulations. I'mma get an R6, yo! Don't. That's a horrible first bike. I'll be careful! No, you won't. Uh-Yeah, I want a bike I can grow into! You'll go down before then. I know what I'm doing! I rode dirt bikes! Not the same! Muh four hunnit go 100 miles an hour! Trees don't merge into you. Yuh, but I rode it on the street! Illegally!  Bullyullyhullhyuh! Look, just get a Ninja 250 or a Honda Rebel as your first bike. I dun' wanna be bored in a year! You won't be. *beat* I'mma get a R6. Well, I'll see you in a year when you post a status update from the Leigh Valley hospital.  Hey, check out this body, 'cuz I love the body style of the Yamaha. I know it looks cool, but people think I'm a tool on a Yamaha... 2005 Yamaha YZF-R6. *Sigh.* And people get these as their first bikes. I can understand the logic of what they're thinking.They-they may have rode a Yamaha 600 from, like, 1985??? And-and thought it was slow...and, yeah, that was in '85 and then they apply this logic that all 600's are slow. And I can understand something else... Let's get right into it: The Yamaha R6 can be ridden as a first bike, initially. The roll-on... and the torque... you CAN handle it, under five thousand RPM. Under five thousand RPM, the Yamaha R6 behaves like a 250. But that's a testament to the R6 engine. It can be lugged. This didn't use to be the case. Back in the '90s, when these bikes were carbureted, they were complete dogs at low RPM, and you had to rev them, but those days are gone. The 2005 Yamaha R6 represented Yamaha bringing the 600 class middle-weight bikes into modern times. 600's are no longer the stepping stone between the 250 shoreline and the 1000 party boat. In 2005 the R6 got inverted forks. Just like the R1. Nowadays, the jump between a 250 and a 600 is immense. 250s make like-eh, 40 horsepower? This 600 makes A HUNDRED AND TWENTY-FOUR! I had a Yamaha XJ-700N. That thing made eighty horsepower and it was fast. With the exception of torque, 600cc bikes these days, are as good as liter bikes were in the early '90s. But this is where the conundrum happens. When you ride a Yamaha R6 just puttering around traffic, it doesn't feel fast at all. In fact, you could live your entire life and never break five hundred or six hundred RPM, [sic] and you could be out on the highway. This 124 horsepower, double-cam, fuel-injected motor goes zero to sixty, it-i-it makes the bike go zero to sixty in about three seconds. It does a quarter mile in eleven seconds. This bike has a top speed of 157 miles an hour, and here's the kicker: It makes 44 miles a gallon. Amazing. Now, of course, it's only gonna get 44 miles a gallon if you get up in sixth gear and just stay there all the time, but the thing is, you CAN just go into sixth gear and just roll along at fifty miles an hour. Old 600's didn't do that. This one does. But the R6's reputation as a death machine comes in above eight thousand RPM. The redline of this bike is fifteen thousand, five hundred RPM. It makes peak horsepower at thirteen thousand RPM. In car terms, the sensation of riding a Yamaha R6 from 2005 would be the same as driving a Mazda FD. Rotary. Turbo. With a good tune on it. You get nothin', nothin', nothin', okay, this is ni-eughilla-OH MY GAWD! You're nowhere near ten thousand yet. And you know max power is sitting at thirteen thousand RPM. and whe-whu-what are these bikes!? These bikes are five thousand dollars. Now, that-tha-and that's for a really nice one. Play your cards right, you'll get one of these bikes for four thousand dollars. And you're faster than anyone. And how are you going to tell an eighteen-year-old mind not to push the limit? You can't. I remember-I-I-I skied my entire life. And I screwed my knee up a number of times. Why? Cause I kept going for higher and higher jumps. That terrain park, man. It messes with you. I'm not even blaming the park's crew who make those big table tops. You ever over-shoot a table top? Heh, heh, that's scary as hell. And that's what it feels like pushing the limit when you get up-and you see cars coming at you so fast. On a bike, and you realize: you're riding above your skill level. It's the same thing as skiing above your skill level, and you go off the table top, and you see the table top end? And you see your runway end? And realize that you're coming down hard on the flat. Oh, ho ho, it's that slap. And you have no choice to fall, I mean, there's now way getting around this, you just- just eat it. But, that's-that's skiing, and this is the open road. But the thrill, and the adrenalin kicks in. And that's why it's hard for me to walk away from motorcycles. *in The Voice* Welcome to the Yamaha R6. A 600cc dick joke with gel grips and a frame stiffer than a weekday night cap. I'll take three fingers of bleach with a whiskey back! *regular voice* Among the changes to this bike for 2005 is inverted front struts, we've been over that, bigger front disk brakes, or, floating disks, and a bigger throttle body, or throttle bodies, that offered five more horsepower. As far as modifications, Ben has lowered the bike three inches, added flush-mount LED turn signals in the back because he thinks car drivers are mind readers, shorty-adjustable levers, a new bro-exhaust, and a new tinted windshield known as "The Double Bubble." Ben has had this bike a little over a year, but he bought it mainly for commuting to work, and that's created a bit of a problem for Ben. He gets dirty, judgmental looks, because it's an aurally and visually loud sport-bike. But hey! He'd rather have people look at him in disgust, rather than crash into him because they didn't look at him at all. And now we're getting into that argument of "loud pipes save lives" vs. "loud pipes risk rights." And I don't have an answer for that. I've been on both sides of that argument, I've loud bikes, and quiet bikes, anyway-Ben gets more than 44 miles a gallon. He gets 47. And he made a point of noting that this mile-per-gallon only really kicks in at eight hundred RPM. You shouldn't give the R6 too much throttle if you aim to use it as a commuting bike. It's so easy to be an asshole in something like this, because it feeds your baser [sic] instincts for that dick-threatening speed, sphincter-tightening acceleration, and sphincter-loosening gratification it provides. Basically, you have to keep your inner bro in check, when you have this thing rumbling inbetween your thighs, and there's nothing quite like inserts on a tank like this when you're locked in. *the Voice* Yeah, I'm the Ninja of 2091! Yamaha R6. Sponsored by tribal tattoos, your local MMA gym, and Coach Damien "The Second Amendment" Edwards. *regular* But, if your looking for an adventurous kind of machine, and you want to inject excitement into your everyday commute, there are probably worse choices you could make than this. I mean, how much of a douche the Yamaha R6 transforms you into is entirely up to your own decisions. It's not like the Brazzers logo, where you add it to something and that thing automatically becomes perverted by it. Nah, seriously, add the Brazzers logo to a screenshot of Conor McGregor getting choked out by Nick Diaz. Might as well. You already know that somewhere in the world, that picture is making somebody hard. In the opening lines to Gonzo: The Life and Work of Hunter S. Thompson, Johnny Depp did a wonderful reading of the Edge speech. And with riding this bike, I can understand what he was talking about. This is a supersport. And the motorcycle world gets away with far more than the car world can. I suppose because it's so low volume. But in the right hands, a Yamaha R6 is terrifying and beautiful. It's like watching a meteor appearing and disappearing so fast. And I am not a good enough motorcyclist to get anywhere near this bike's levels. Hell, anybody who rides a Yamaha R6 on the street as if they're on a track, deserves whatever broken bones they get. I suppose that's me aging. Looking at this thing as a threat, rather than a thrill. I don't see myself ever owning a bike like this. It's far too twisted. It's far too daring. In a double-dare sense of the word. That freaking thirteen thousand sweet-spot would forever tempt me. Beg me to poke it. Again and again. And knowing that these wide tires, far wider than anything that was on these 600s back in the day, can handle any turn provided there's no gravel. Finding an apex on a motorcycle is far more rewarding than any car can be. Because you are integral to the machine. That's one thing about cars: we understand that a robot could and eventually would do it better. But a motorcycle needs you. It needs you to control it. Your ballast and aiming is essential to keeping it going. There is no computer here. And your body, on the motorcycle, completes its' frame. By that, I mean it completes its' silhouette. Its' shape. Being part of the R6, this tight, tiny, very fast bike, gives you this sensation like no other motorcycle can. So for that, like the Mustang, I respect it.  It's already started... At eight thousand RPMs it kicks on... Double-bubble windshield's kind of weird but who cares...