  This is a 2013 Dodge Charger V6 made to look like a Mad Max-style post-apocalyptic rampage sedan and it is one of the worst-driving cars I ever tried to point down a road. It doesn't track straight, the ride gave me hemorrhoids, half of the interior amenities don't work, the steering feels like rotating a frisbee in a plate of mashed potatoes, I can't see the instruments and the wheels rub. Oh, and all the tires are in business for themselves. Prop cars are made to look good on screen. They're not made to be cars. A stock Subaru Forester has more offroad capability than this... whatever this is. Roman has some notes on the show Defiance and the associated video game and we're gonna get to those when he's ready, but this is the car from Defiance. This is the Sheriff I-don't-know-what. I didn't watch the show, he did, he'll figure it out. Chrysler Corporation is really flingin' their cars out. And by that I mean, we know they're having problems so maybe from a marketing standpoint they're gonna go, "AAA DA DA DA DA, AAA DA DA DA DA, everybody have a car and mwe- we remain relevant by virtue of ferocious marketing." Any sort of video game or movie or something, Dodge has its fingers in it somewhere. To make this suburban emasculation machine look like it's ready for war the producers commission car builders to leave in the spring pucks. Now I may be describing those things wrong but when a car comes off that car hol- hall- hauler? Y'know, that big thing that holds about six cars and rolls into the dealership? Every single one of those cars has higher ride height than it's meant to and the way they do that is to have rubber pucks that get just shoved into the springs. It keeps the springs from completely collapsing and it increases ride height. It's the opposite of cutting springs. And the reason they do that is so when you back it off the truck you're not gonna scrape the bumpers or anything, you get an extra four inches of ground clearance that way. Well, they left those things in this so they could jack the car up and fi- fit these Mickey Thompson mud tires onto it. And you'd think, "Oh, well you- now you have more ground clearance!" You don't! Alright? 'Cause right away the wheels completely fill the wheel well. It looks bitchin'! But the second you hit a bump because your spring rates haven't changed, and your dampening hasn't changed, so you hit the slightest bump in this car and GRAGHR- the Mickey Thompsons just tear into the plastic splashguard of the wheel well. And there's another reason you don't turn sedans into offroad cars is because the wheelbase is far too long. Look, we tried to get this onto the abandoned section of Route 61 up here in Centralia and it didn't work. The car just kept highcentering. A stock Jeep TJ with its short wheelbase would just go whompompompompompom~ When cars are prepped for movies or television, most accessories are removed an- windshield wipers' control stalks are unplugged, turn signal switches are snipped, radio head unit wires are yanked... The idea is that actors, while driving the car, can gesture and use the space within the car without "Oops!", hitting the horn or hitting the wipers or anything and ruining a otherwise perfectly good take. So you gotta reconnect all those things. Now in order to make this Dodge look like it lasted forty-seven years or something like that, the- they took a random orbital sander and just went FWWFWFWFWFW all over the entire dash and the seats and everything like that so you can't see the gauges. Mmm. And then- oh, you see these side pipes coming out the side? They're fake. And- look how the whole body looks distressed? This is all one big wrap. It's a perfectly clean car underneath. I have no idea what this thing on the hood is supposed to be. In the future, cars run on reactor fuel and technobabble and- whatever this is in front of you obstructs your vision. It's like the Knight Rider car - it's hard to go, it- it- this car- oh, this is even worse than the Knight Rider car! The Knight Rider car went- KITT went straight just fine. But it had trouble turning. This car can't turn and it can't go straight. And the guys who bought this from the show - they bought it from the prop department - they were on a road trip from Toronto, down into Pennsylvania and then they *drove this thing all the way to LA like this*. Huuuh. 