 You won't be able to hoon or fool anybody in this long, black bomber but you will move. I mean, what do you expect, it's an aluminum Holden V8. The interior is spartan. Radio... is crap... and the steering is dead. It's a cop car, what do you want? GM only called this thing a Caprice to appeal to older men's sensibilities. Because the Chevrolet Caprice was originally introduced as a luxury trim package for the Impala four-door hardtop. And it was a big hit, becoming one of the most popular American cars of the 1960s and early 70s with sales of the Caprice peaking in 1965 with over one million units. But it wasn't originally introduced as a police vehicle. Like a crooked partner turning state's evidence, Chevy has a history of lending a helping hand to law enforcement. You had the Chevy (Caption: "Biscayne") Byzantine, er, Bizcem- Bizcaye... B-I-S-C-A-Y-N-E - in 1959, succeeded by the big-block V8s of the mid-60s which beefed up the Biscen- ah... -and the Chevy Bel-Air. Then there was the 1977 Chevy Impala 9C1 which became the de facto police car from 1977 until 1985 before being replaced by the third-generation Caprice in 1986. The 9C1 would last for another ten years before production came to an end. But at least it went out on the heels of the 1994 version which was one of the fastest police cars of its day thanks to the LT1 V8. (Caption, scrolling along bottom: "I don't have any free-use footage for these cars.") And it was 15 years before the Caprice nameplate returned, this time as a full size, rear wheel drive Chevy Caprice Police Pursuit Vehicle. Assembled by Holden, GM's Australian subsidiary. Like old Alex Murphy, it was reassembled as a more modern piece of police technology. They brought back the name. But all they brought back was a name, this isn't a Caprice. In an Alan Watts way, you can't put legs on a snake. This is still an Auzzie car. This "Caprice" is a regular car that became something less through its attempts to become something more. Having aspirations is a good thing, but having aspirations isn't the same thing as achieving them. ...That was a good line, I shoulda gone out on that one. Well, because what did you buy? You bought a Pontiac G8 that no one knows what it is, and it won't dupe the gullible, and parts are very expensive. The only people who are gonna get this car are weirdo car guys like myself. It's like a Brooklyn: no one cares but king nerds. And you aren't gonna make friends with other cops either, especially not in Pennsylvania. Because this was one of the fastest police cars out there - I think the Dodge Charger police version may be faster than this - but it's hard to beat that LS-not-an-LS, this thing MOVES. The old Panther-bodies could never do this. And this thing stops even faster. 