 : 2012 Chevrolet Caprice Police Pursuit Vehicle. This is another police car. But it is worlds away from the ubiquitous Panther-body P71 Interceptor we reviewed before. This is an American Holden or Pontiac G8 if you're a civilian. Rare in Pennsylvania, only large or cha-ching cha-ching speed traps "You were doing thirty-eight in a thirty-five, do I smell marijuana, do I smell marijuana, do I smell marijuana" departments can afford one of these missiles. Because all the parts come from Australia. And you pay for that. I mean, you can go to Auto Zone and say, "I have a 2012 Chevy Caprice" and it will show up in their system. I- It'll say, "Caprice PPV", but - and this is coming from the owner - all the part numbers are weird and they don't cross-reference with American GM PNs. So there you are, with this used Caprice Holden cop car thing you just bought, holding up the line at Auto Zone or O'Reilly's or Advance. And the clerk is looking at his screen saying, "Ummm... (echoed) Hey Mike, can you come look at this?" And now you have two clerks looking at the screen going, "Uhhhmmm... where's Mark? (echoed) Mark, we need your help, come over here." And now you have two clerks plus the manager looking at the same computer screen which is displaying bogan gibberish. And you feel the line behind you grow well past the steering wheel wraps and the triney LED nonsense and baby's first soldering kits. So that's what you're in for if you wanna buy one of these used police cars. I just want a girl I can masturbate next to... Underneath the hood is an LS-motor-not-LS-motor. What this is is an L77. It's a 6-liter all-aluminum plant made for running on E85. Semantics and magic farm juice puts this right outside the city-state of LS. So it's an L77. GM of Australia says the L77 has displacement-on-demand. And in MURRICA-speak, that's cylinder deactivation. It's a four-cylinder when rolling around and it's a V8 when in pursuit mode. But this former Maryland detective's car didn't spend its time getting heavy cardio on the highway. No. This car's computer registered 2,200 hours of JUST. IDLING. And there was just 3,300 hours on the L77 in total. Almost 2/3rds or 65% of the time this car was running, it wasn't moving. Just pleh-pleh-pleh-pleh-pleh-pleh-pl- in some parking lot or side street. This Caprice's new owner is Zeos from the audiophile YouTube channel Z Reviews. And he said when he bought this car from an auction, the cam was totally burnt. Y'know, worn from all that idling. And the Caprice PPV won't do burnouts unless you remove the traction control fuse. And the taillights didn't work when Zeos got the car. Because when the Maryland PD - I, I dunno which one - retired the car, they used a reciprocating saw to rip out the center console and all the wiring. FRRRRRRRR- But the car still has Stealth Mode which disables all lights, interior and exterior, except for the "door ajar" light on the dash. The Caprice PPV drives way better than the old Panther-body. It's fast. Rocket fast. 