[Rough voice] UGGHH you’re back I’m gonna give you what you want I’m gonna give you what you need What I got’s big, and what I’ve got’s black Ugggghh  #cocksdaily [] [MR. REGULAR] Yeah, this is the Volvo 240. It was designed in the 70’s; no air conditioning, and the official car of the cold war. This is a Frankenstein monster of function over form. It’s so slow that if one of these rolled out of Doc Brown’s trailer, Marty wouldn’t have gone anywhere.  This is a rolling monument to minimalism, and showcases Volvo’s determination to remain stuck in its ways as long as possible, like a 90 year old widow unashamedly using the term negro.  Begrudgingly, the Volvo 240 accepted an airbag before retiring from public eyes around the same time as Johnny Carson. By 1993 the Volvo 240 had descended in to its barcalounger with the Chrysler New Yorker, Ford Fairmont, and other boxy OAPs. But it couldn’t get comfortable, because the 240 was brought out of retirement in 2002 for the worst…   reason…    possible.... Ehhh, like Pabst Blue Ribbon, and tweed waistcoats, the uncool upstate New York style of the 240 attracted [ROUGH] hipsters. Uuhhh They loved it. [MR. REGULAR] Uhhhh they loved this car. Hipsters just flocked to the 240.   [HIPSTER VOICE] Uhhh this beer sucks, give me another. This vest makes me look republican. I own five. My car makes me look old uhhh I love it. [MR. REGULAR] Imagine thousands of them. Thousands of under weight, micro-Korg playing, mattress-on-the-floor sleeping, rent dodging, dirty dish stacking, chain smoking, tattoo accumulating, scarf collecting, class-skipping, Derrida miss-quoting, first draft turning-in, assignment-extension begging, unnecessary Access-Card applying, weed bumbing, SCENESTERS, porking two hundred and ten pound Renn Fair Chicks in the ample back seat of the perennial family car. Uggghh I can just imagine those screwdriver easy cheese erections thrill stabbing that deviant art diva just to check that box before moving on to A-cup gamer girls.  (Sigh) Volvo 240; the missionary position of the automotive industry. So! The car languished from no oil changes to no oil changes and countless trips to record stores and sketchy north Philly head shops. Volvo 240; it’s a lovable loser for every upward-nosed aging George McGovern supporter looking for a new hopeless cause. But, the Pantene Pro-V hipster’s moved on, as their fleeting attention spans jump from one peak to another popular peak. Mercifully, the forth gen Jetta has become the chariot for insufferable dickheads; freeing up the 240 for enthusiasts to enjoy. But what’s there to enjoy? I mean, the engine does have some usable torque, but the block is cast from the same quality pig-iron that oozed from Hopewell Furnace. It’s like an old house. But like an old house, a Volvo 240 uses ceramic fuses, and used them all the way to 1993.  But, this Swedish brick is reliable. Right? Right? Welllll….  This is still 1970’s technology, with bare minimum 1990’s advancements.  Coil pack distributor, and vacuum hose routing with the complexity of the human circulatory system. The motor mounts heave and flex upon ignition, and the 240 wishes it was a muscle car, but it never had the discipline for the gym.  Large motor, larger turn radius.  [ROUGH] UGHHH Yeah  Stay the course Mount your horse Medicare endorsed Dress code enforced UMMMM  1974 to 1993 final year  Face your fears  Release your tears Push my buttons; what’s the problem? [CHEERY MR. REGULAR] Capacitor battery backup! [ROUGH] UGHUGHGHG Trim my foreskin and blow air from ALL the vents [MR. REGULAR] This is a car that tells you everything you need to know about the suburban America scene in the late 1980’s Quaaludes! [ROUGH] Clacky doors and crusty drawers [MR. REGULAR] Trying to accelerate on to the turnpike is dicer than trying to jerk off on your gown during outdoor commencement. You many get there, but at what costs?  [QUIET ROUGH] Ohhhh my greatest accomplishment is jacking off in the upper deck of South African Airways flight 747-400 somewhere over the Azores. {Text on screen says : “I’m not lying.”} Volvo! [ENDING SHOT] {Hood open starting the engine. The engine rocks back and forth vigorously while Mr. Regular laughs}