  //Note: background voice is indicated by {} 1994 was the 10 year anniversary of the minivan. And the Chrysler Corporation wanted to make something special. They took their baseline Caravan and ditched the standard engine, and at the time Chrysler owned about 40% of Mitsubishi. Through grey and captive imports, Chrysler had free use {I have to know what time it is} of many Japanese drivetrain components, and even entire engines! The 3-liter V6 from the Mitsubishi Galant came standar- {I HAVE TO KNOW THE TIME UGHHH}. This engine also appeared in some of the higher-trim LeBarons, as well. It's no Honda VTEC, but it handled hard revs better than the Chrysler-designed engines offered in the minivan. It's a bit of a sad story because, after miles rolled on, [incomprehensible] myself got into an ejaculating contest for distance [incomprehensible]. It's a bit of a sad story, because as the miles rolled on that Mitsubishi engine had to deal with Chrysler's tall-geared automatic 4-speed gearbox, which sucked up a lot of power and had a tendency to get into a vicious bubblewrap, with the safety shift lock. Nope! No steal-and-go seats! They came aaaall the way out. They came aaaall the way out. Lots of room when they come out. Enough room in the back to play a game I like to call... THE RUSTY SANDUSKY. The second-generation Caravan is the last vehicle made by Chrysler to be based on the K platform. Lee Iacocca developed the K platform in the early '80s, and that saved the Chrysler Corporation from going under. Just like I save all my ball movements for outside. [Mr Regular sings] I'm in a porta potty at the North End of campus I'm in a porta potty at the North End of campus I'm in a porta potty and no one's around Hello everybody in town [/Mr Regular sings] Getting a second-generation minivan to top-200'000 miles is hard, without preventive maintenance. You see, in Northern states the underbelly - eeeh... - will rust and grinding away with an angle grinder is necessary to keep all that oxidation away. Pay close attention to the engine mounts and leaf springs, as they will take the brunt of road salts. EVERYTHING ON THE BASE SYSTEM IS ON THE NUMBER TEN TEN TEN TEN TEN TEN TEN TEN TEN TEN TEN TEN TEN TEN TEN...