- (Narration) This is weird, you know how every car has the blue light on the dash to tell you your high beams are on. But, a DeLorean has one too, but it also has a green light for you low beam that's on when your low beam is on. So you have a green light shining at you for low beam or a blue light shining at you for high beam. Why do you need that? The DeLorean's horn is on the turn signal stalk. You sound the horn by pushing the stalk in, like a plunger, and MGBs are kinda like this.  This DMC-12 had a four speed auto, which feels like a driver's ed Chevy Corsica. Modern slushboxes at least learn your driving style, but an auto DeLorean shifts whenever it's in the mood. Oh yeah, you can click the automatic down, but the tall gearing makes the V6 go huaaaaaaaaaaaaa.  This is the first DeLorean I've ever touched and I'm still driving it! *sexual grunts* Uh oh! *sighs* THIS IS BETTER THAN MY DOUBLE D MOTORBOAT WITH THAT GIRL WHO LIKED TO CUT HERSELF. TOO DARK.  So I don't know where on he podium this DMC falls. It's not quite a daily driver, but the presence of a modern head unit, period correct map light, and patina, does means this does get around. This is used as a regular car. The DeLorean offers no greater proof of the ontological argument, for this is what is meant by "Deus Ex Machina". Delorean, unmolested by time, or the mercenary aesthetics of modernity. DeLorean, it looks the way love feels. It;s like making out with a high school girlfriend, and going for second base, only to suddenly realize she isn't stopping you this time. Why isn't she stopping me? She always stops me. Maybe it's her sudden, inexplicable fondness for my FULLY ENGORGED BLOOD-FILLED SIN SWORD. Maybe it's the car. It's definitely the car, definitely the car. But who cares, WHO CARES. WHO GIVES A BEAVER'S DAM WHEN YOU HAVE YOUR HAND RESTING COMFORTABLY ON A TIT.  The driver's seat is low, like the Maxell Cassette guy. But the DeLorean is closer to godliness than cleanliness has ever been or ever will be. Yes, I know the DeLorean ends up being a case of "never meet your heroes" somewhat, and if this car were a person, it would tip strippers with twenties and be the governor of a blue state in the North East. Look, I know you're never supposed to meet your heroes, but the DeLorean's functionality overcomes modern cultural cynicism. It's fairly uncomplicated, anybody can drive this thing, even the most novice of drivers. Seriously, go, try it, get the automatic one, look. I know it looks alien, and I know it looks weird, but even with this heavy steering it's much more responsive in its handling than most modern cars. besides, more than a fair share of modern cars respond like a gas station attendant who only selectively understands English.  But the DeLorean is a car that gets you precisely in the way you wish to be gotten. The glory or gloom of this car is almost entirely the product of what the owner brings to it. You may never get the chance to restore an old DeLorean in the way some get to restore Chevelles or Honda Elsinores, but driving a DeLorean isn't that different from rebuilding those old stall warts of class and function. You get out of it whatever you put into it. A DeLorean is not a slave to the moth eaten fabric of time. They will be built and re-built forever. It's a car that doesn't force terms upon you. A DeLorean is as majestic or antiquated as you decide.  