- Is it possible to feel nostalgia for something you've never experienced? Is it possible to return to a moment of artless joy, the likes of which you've never experienced? Is it possible for an unknowable place to feel like home? Can one ever be truly worthy of this? 1981 DeLorean DMC-12. When I was in fifth grade I sawed a crude DeLorean out of scrap wood using a hacksaw, it was about the size of an original GameBoy. The only silver paint I had in the house was a rattle can of Rust-Oleum my dad used on the pool fence. I would hold my little wooden car while watching... the movie. I was in a wood paneled basement, watching it on an old RCA color TV with VHF and UHF knobs. Once a car is a star, it moves beyond reproach, you can't touch it. Ask anyone with a Knight Rider KITT conversion, an Ectomobile, Jurassic Park Wrangler, A-Team Van, Herbie, General Lee, Bullitt Mustang, Mirthmobile. I have an imagine relationship with this car, but I've never touched one until now. And let me tell ya, standing next to a real one, it's as good as you think.  I now measure my automotive history as BD and AD. What's- what's it like to be in the presence of this? Well, a DMC-12 is smaller than you think. It's about the size of a Mitsubishi Eclipse from the nineties. Yeah, that's it, a Mitsubishi Eclipse, but a lot lower.  The doors. Ungnnngnadaoooors. The Doors in real life don't don't make the space station *hiss* sound. They just go "clunk" like any other car door. Oh, but when you open them, they do rise up all by themselves. Then they stop around here, and you have to nudge them up the rest of the way.  Here's something the owner uses at car shows, it's a length of hard plastic tubing that he can jam into the car doors so people won't sit in his car at car shows. He tells me this behavior is a thing. Most car show spectators are respectful, and approach cars with their hands behind their back as a sign of respect. The message they're conveying is "I'm not going to touch your car. See? See my hands? They're behind my back, nowhere near your car." Oh but if they see a DeLorean, "Oh, dude dude dude! DeLorean! DeLorean! DeLorean! Touch touch touch touch touch touch touch. Sit sit sit sit. Grab grab grab. Steering wheel, move around. Touch everything, touch all the buttons!" So, the owner had to put this bar here to say "Hey now, I know you're excited. But, take it easy." Speaking of the doors, you've heard hot wind from buffoons who insist that DMC doors wreck adjacent parked cars? Check this out. I parked my Echo like king dick, right next to this guy's D, and watch this. He has to turn a little bit to get past my side mirror aaaand, uh, uh, no problem.  *Heavy Breathing* Is it time? It is time. It's time for real? I-I am not worthy of this. Oh, this is happening, this is happening. Oh thank you, thank you, thank you so much. Thank you. What's it like to drive a DeLorean for the first time?  