- (Camera Audio) Regular: There's a few things left unsaid.  Blake Z. Rong: Hello? Regular: Blake, it's me again. Don't hang up, don't hang up, don't hang up, don't hang up. This has nothing to do- Blake: Ok. Regular: -with that. Um, I wanted to ask ya, since... th-there's this weird feeling that I'm having trouble getting across in this video about the Aston. I've never been around expensive cars before, and you have.  Blake: Ok, yeah. Regular: Why do I feel terrible about it? Because I should be happy.... Blake: Do you feel terrible when you're driving it or do you feel terrible, um, out of principle? Regular: I think I feel terrible out of principle. Because I.... This car, I-I could never get away, while driving it, the thought of the cost, of this thing. Because, for the price of this car, I could buy my parents a new house. And when I got back from the road trip and explained to people, uh, like "Oh, I-I drove an Aston Martin V8 Vantage Roadster." and they said "How much was it?" I told them "Well, you know, you buy one of these things used, they're about, y'know about $100,000 or there abouts. And they all said the exact same thing, they said "Why would anybody spend that much money on a car?" And I didn't have an answer for them.  Blake: That's... that's because you're all thinking like poor people. I mean, you have to ask yourself "What would Gordon Gekko do?" And he'd probably stab a pedestrian who's jaywalking just to get his hands on an Aston Martin as he gets closer to the dealership, while he's trading in his old Aston Martin. Regular: Ri-Yeah I... right. *laughs* But... What... When I saw the car, and even though other people didn't know what it was, because as far as the Astons are-are concerned, th-they're styling is rather... it's beautiful but it's subdued. That there is a feeling of, and I don't know if it has anything to do with... if this is a thing post-Occupy Wall Street, or "Oh, you have money. Therefore, you're the bad guy, you don't know how it is." But... an-and I want to know why I think that way. Th.. It was very enjoyable to drive and I had a wonderful time, but I felt as if I should act antagonistic toward this machine.  Blake: Every time I've driven something expensive I've always felt like huge jerk driving it. So, I totally understand.  Regular: Right, and I- and I did too... Blake: I totally understand. Regular: When- when I was driving this thing through Toledo, I-I wanted to have a sign on it that just said "I'm sorry." Right? That... Blake: Just a... Just a neon sign pointing down that says "Not my car." Regular: Yeah, yes! Yes, and like, and then it was so weird because the owner was sitting right next to me. And he said that... that people ask me the same thing. "How fast does it go, how much does it cost, and what do you do?" Those three.... Those three things.  Blake: People, people are preoccupied with, like, you know, if you dare to have something flashy, and, uh, dare to kind of like, step up above the norm. I mean like, the guy could've been, probably avoided all those questions if he had just bought, bought like a Porsche Cayman. Which probably would've been just as fun if not a lot more enjoyable to drive. But, something like an Aston Martin, you buy it because it's flashy and that's when people are always gonna, just kind of simmer with this under current of rage that you're able to have something that they might never have. Even though you might have worked your ass off for it.  Regular: Right, and he did. And... But there's something, and I don't know if it's.... I don't want to use the term "society" because that just is a fancy word for trying to not say it's yourself. But, when I saw the Aston Martin, what I became acutely aware of, is the gap between worthiness in myself and worthiness between owner. Like, the, the chasm in contributions to society between myself and this owner of the Aston is greater than that, the contributions of society between myself and a fourth grader.  Blake: And that's what cars like Aston martins do, they kind of put up this mirror of, uh, self worth against you and the owner. Like, you know, if you just had worked a bit harder you could have this car. And then, like, say... say the day comes where you come into a lot of money and you can afford an Aston and then you have to look back and say would you honestly buy one if you could? Like, would you want to project that image of "I'm better than you because I drive this car." Or would you, you know, do something else with the money, like buy land or a house? And that's not to say this guy doesn't have land or a house already. Regular: Maybe this is what if felt like in the Middle Ages when people would look upon like the lord of the land. Or maybe people had a greater sense of themselves. Like "Well, I'm a serf and I'll stay a serf." But now, w-we we know that you can too ascend, but at the same time you see the gigantic obstacles between you and whatever, whatever success it's supposed to mean at the end of the whole thing. This conversation is getting long, I have to go back to making poop jokes and stuff.  Blake: Alright, no worries. Regular: Alright, thanks for talking to me, Blake.  Blake: Yep, talk to you soon!. Regular: Alright, bye.  