 : It doesn't matter how many Aston Martins this car beats, it can never be one. And that's the tragedy of Corvette. This car is faster than Aston Martins. This is faster than a Ferrari. Which Ferrari? I dunno, pick one that's slower than this. A Corvette is always a big fish in a small pond. Why is that? The seventh-generation Corvette is the first to bear the Stingray name since the second and third generation way the hell back in 1976. Back when Pittsburgh could still win an NCAA football title. And sex with Congressman Wayne Hays paid fourteen grand a year. But even though they shared a name, the aesthetic of this new Stingray represents a perfectly significant departure from the classic third-generation model. Gone are the angular, circumcision-is-for-pussies hood shape. That's been replaced by a smoother look that recalls style-over-substance endeavors like Michael Bay's Transformers movies. And this is because this *was* in a Transformers movie. Yes, this car, in this exact color (Caption: No, not this *exact* car) starred as Crosshairs in Transformers: The Age of Extinction this summer. Which means this is technically the first time I can say I've been inside an actor. HURHRHRMMM. ALTHOUGH IT WON'T BE THE LAST TIME, BURT REYNOLDS. This C7 model has a 6.2-liter V8 and a seven-speed manual transmission which go together like Flag Pole Sitta and Semi-Charmed Life on an Ultimate 90s mix tape. It makes 455 horsepower and goes from 0 to 60 in 3.8 seconds. Which is enough to get you revved up an raring to try something stupid before realizing you're *not* Chris Harris or even Zach Clapman in a Miata. So you slam on the brakes, nut in your BVDs and wonder how a complete non-ending on the scale of Tomb Raider 2 could GET YOU SO HARD. Y'know what? The last time we did a Corvette it was also raining. So how about this? *snap* Bam! Second C7. The C7 is a car for the guy who finds a way to work his interest in carbon fiber into every conversation. This guy only knows about happiness anecdotally. He brews his own IPA and gives it as a condolence gift at funerals in lieu of flowers. The Stingray is the official car of the guy you stopped hanging out with because you can't have a conversation anymore. You see, he just discovered The Wire and finished it all in a marathon weekend while sitting in a recliner, caked in thick musk of Dorito dust and BALL SWEAT. He recommended it to you now and by the third day he's wanting to talk your ear off about the Barksdale investigation and now 80% of every conversation is him asking if you've started watching it yet and obnoxiously listening to the reasons why you shouldn't if you haven't. And the reason he's doing this is because you could drive this car every day. Seven-speed manual gearbox. If you take this, put it in seventh gear and go forty miles an hour, you are turning around 700 RPM. 