 Like that first sip of Clover Farms icy tea on a field day in seventh grade it takes you back to a primordial condition. But is there a way this could be more appealing to the average consumer? That's the weird thing about Corvette. It's existed as a name for so long, if you have one people just see it as "a Corvette". The chasm between the C5 and the C7 is greater than the chasm between the C5 and the C2. I'm sorry to beat a dead brake shoe but what is the point to an electronic emergency brake? I mean, really, a motorized system that makes the car heavier which can affect handling and performance and for no other discernible reason than what, exactly? Ho- how is this easier? I realize there's probably a redundant system in this somewhere but when you look at that electronic parking brake all you're thinking is, "When is this component going to fail?" These are just little problems. But little problems can amount to big money left on the table since it seems Corvette is mostly just preaching to the choir with the C7. It's like they're saying, "To Hell with new customers, let's pitch this one to the consumer who'd have to think about it for a minute." If an intruder had a gun to his kid's head or to his 'Vette's V8. You should do what you can to satisfy your existing customer base but ignoring the common man is just one of those mistakes of hubris that makes no sense. It's actually worse than just leaving money on the table. It's actually just droppin' a deuce on money and lighting it ablaze. I suppose we're just taking a very court of middle-negative view on the C7 because everybody else has hyped it so much. And when you hype something so much, inevitably someone like me is gonna take the opposite viewpoint. Yes, it's true the C7 is Guardians of the Galaxy while the Viper is Michael Bays' Ninja Turtles. But you can only fanhump something so much until someone climbs up to the mezzazine (sic: should be mezzanine) and takes an existentialist look at the orgy on the floor. But still, the C7 is like a beautiful woman whose only talent is being beautiful. So she doesn't think she has to learn things like HOW TO BANG because she things just being her is good enough for you. But while I appreciate that a nice-looking woman is willing to ride my beef thermometer, I prefer a woman who hasn't had it so easy. And who knows you don't want it any easy either. Get me an ugmo C4 any day. UGMOS'LL DO YOU RIGHT. 