 NARRATION by THE ROMAN Okay, so Mr. Regular asked me to talk TV this week. Now, a lot of people know this but some don't, but my side job actually involves me watching and writing about TV for an entertainment blog. Hell, I have a quote on the back of The Walking Dead Season 5 DVD. True story. ("As emotionally savage as ever.") And yeah, it's a humblebrag but seriously. It's there. All this is a way of saying I probably would have never heard of Defiance if I hadn't been busy reporting on TV shows because I'm a cord cutter so if I wanted to watch something on cable I'd have to go out of my way to find it. Now, Defiance was cancelled a year ago last month and although it was primarily a TV show I mostly remember it for the game which featured an uncomfortable amount of online ads that all use Radioactive by Imagine Dragons but without even having the courtesy of putting Alexander Daddario in it like the music video did. But considering the setting had to deal with exploding alien terraforming technology ripping the Earth a fresh new asshole? I suppose the song choice was apt. So. Way the hell back in June 2011 it was a different time. Anthony Wiener was making headlines. People argued for and against stricter gun laws. John Jones was causing ruckus in MMA. And Dolph Ziggler was a... mid-card champion in WW- okay, so maybe it wasn't all that different. But this was also the same month that SyFy announced they would be creating a television series with a video game tie-in. Actors were cast. Alien languages were created with the help of a professional linguist. And an entire universe was pretty much created from the ground up. The story centered around a man and his adopted alien daughter in the city-state of Defiance where humans and alien races lived together in the ruins of St. Louis with its five-alarm dumpster fires of interspecies tension and cratered roads that give the sensation of driving on an oatmeal raisin cookie. For a show like Defiance you could kind of see how a car like this might be necessary. But a lot like general opinions on the Charger over the years, the show started out with solid ratings but became a bit more divided with subsequent seasons. By the end it was averaging about a million viewers which wasn't a great number when you consider how much a show like that had to have cost. Hell, Defiance was SyFy's most-watched drama the year they axed it but they couldn't justify bringing it back for the audience it was pulling. And I can't imagine there was any way they could've done a show like this justice on a reduced budget. Granted, they probably could've tried at least, given it a season on a discount? But... the third season ended in a way that would've made it odd to come back from? And besides, by this point SyFy pretty much decided to nuke everything from orbit and start over with shows like Dominion, Haven, Lost Girl and Continuum all coming to an end and getting replaced by stuff like Killjoys, Dark Matter and Twelve Monkeys. SyFy is in the Canadian import business, bringing in shows from the Great White North on the cheap so you don't really need shows like Dark Matter and Killjoys to be massive hits to be worth the investment. And the same was for Lost Girl and Continuum. So Defiance got the axe and fans were pretty torn up about it. On the "What a shame" scale it fell somewhere between an eggless carbonara and a guy ignoring his doctor's cholesterol advice and loading up his plate with hot brown at Shady Maple. The video game somehow had an even more divisive reception. It wasn't necessarily that it was bad, it was just kind of generic. While plenty of reviewers had nice things to say about the mechanics, others were kind of worn out on MMO-style games and hated the grind of it. The way you instinctively hate whatever song was playing during your first car accident or the first time you were pulled over. The game just didn't impart that same sense of uniqueness that the series did. It felt more common than this arbitrary list I made up about the five most common female middle names. For reference, it's "Lynn," "Elizabeth," "Anne," "Marie" and "Louise." Go ahead, show this video to your girlfriend and maybe you'll hear her curse under her breath because her name is on the list. Ultimately, Defiance had a dedicated fanbase. I mean, it still does. It had people fighting for its right to stick around and that's a lot more than you can say for other shows and games in this genre. I guess what I'm saying is that Defiance was worth being taken more seriously than it was. And in today's car culture you can make the same argument for the Charger. It isn't just about guys named John chumming the water to find other bros to bro out with and form their own little Johntourage. And it's not about hopping on the dyno and keeping those wheels spinning like the top at the end of Inception. A Charger can be about more than all of that, especially when you consider how much they mean to the people who own them. Like TV shows, cars can get cancelled too. But if the Charger were ever discontinued, I can imagine the outcry would encompass more than hashtags. 