 (Yard sale watch) Time Attack Bro! Time Attack Bro! Bro, you up for a time attack? Where's my stopwatch? (By any chance would you have a fine precision timepiece to measure lap times of this fine precision German motorcar?) You got a stopwatch? Touring cars, bro! Roll cage mate! (12,000 Engine Rebuild SON) TWELVE THOUSAND DOLLAR ENGINE REBUILD SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNNNNNN (Taint Slammers) Sparco seats, bro! Bro, in a past life I've been a touring car champion Yo bro I could be a touring car champion! [MEAT VOICE] (I should have been a touring car champion) I should have been a touring car champion! (DRIFTING)  DRIFTIIIINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG (SNOW DAY)  yo bro tomorrow's a SNNNNNNNNNOWWWWWWWDAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY (1/2 turn lock-to-lock) Steering RACK BRO!  Tighter steering rack bro! (My steering rack is so tight!) MY STEERING RACK IS SO TIGHT! INTRO RAP:  The BMW E30 is a boxy range of cars made from the mid 80s to the mid 90s The BMW E30 is hated, mocked, and reviled as an emotionless box to hold invoices and printouts from internet arguments, should anything go south at a car meet you will have damning evidence against your enemies for the inevitable civil lawsuit, (E-30 ist)  and this is the most E-30ist (chuckle) of all E30s because it is NOT an M3. Like it kinda is, because the engine is a sort of M engine from 4 cylinder M's MMMMMmmmmMMHmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm This E30 here is also more E30-y because it has 4 doors and not two and that's important. (E30-y)  You see, your brain's dick thinks that 2 door cars are faster because structural rigidity or whatever. So when a 4 door E30 passes you in your S13 you're PISSED because there is no M badge on the back of that car on which you can lay your excuses.  Because this E30 is the best at E30-ing. (E30-ing) The engine is the M42 1.8 liter with a timing.... chain. Double cams and 4 valves per pot. Yeah yeah there was the BMW S14 engine- no relationship to nissan but that was just a gimped M88 (The M42 engine was not put into E30 sedans until 1991, although it did exist in E30 318is coupes. The M42 was also used in the E36) The M42 makes about 138 hp at 6,000 RPM, but that's just the stock horsepower. There's plenty of ways to make an E30 go faster, and that's why they are so popular. So popular, that this is the most requested car we've got to review ever since the Miata. E30s and miatas are always going back and forth and E30s have more to prove because they are heavier and larger cars than miatas They're fun to go fast in because they don't look fast at all.  The only difference is that miatas can be fixed with swear words but E30s you need a manual. You have to take working on these things seriously and that's the difference. People wanna tell you that these are not complicated cars and that's BS.  These are very complicated engines, because the tolerances are so small The E30 is a car that is punching above its weight class, like a boxer that's never been told he can't be world champion. It's very admirable. It's a kenny powers quote on wheels. And these are also popular cars for their rear wheel drive.  Its an inexpensive car with a lot of potential, and its rear wheel drive for lots of fun, and it's more useful as a daily driver than a miata could be. And just like the miata that's the beauty of it. If you're into cars and you want something fun to drive but you can only have one car and you've got to do other car things, and you've gotta haul more than one person? Whelp, sorry miata, I can't have you. E30 to the rescue.  But it's up to you to know how to handle an E30, to take it easy, but not too easy, to push it, but not be too hard. It's sorta like figuring out out what the line is with a substitute teacher. What jokes are gonna fly? Can I call him by his first name? Ehh, this guy isn't gonna be here tomorrow, but what if he is?  The ride is smooth but buzzy, [MEAT VOICE] like a jailbroken vibrating ass tickler. (Jailbroken vibrating ass tickler.) The E30 in its time was supposed to go 124 miles per hour, but when you look at it and you see all these boxy lines  and this grille that's just flat in the front you kind wonder it's what whats this car gonna be like above a hundred miles per hour, whats the areo gonna be?  And people wanna tell you, "Oh, this is in fact a very aerodynamic shape" nuh nuh nulllh whtb SQUARES! The notion of an E30 going that fast seems about as likely as finding a video of your own conception at the adult video outlet off exit 27 Of course this isn't a bad experience by any means it just isn't what's expected.  It's sort of like getting to 2nd base for the first time only to discover that your girlfriend has pepperoni nipples, and sure lets keep going, but I'm not gonna be storing this in the [MEAT VOICE] SPANK BANK BMWs inspire a strange kind of provincialism that feels random and often misdirected. Being into E30s is like being fiercely passionate about your time zone. [MEAT VOICE] MY TIME ZONE IS THE BEST TIME ZONE! (Mountain time or BUST!) MOUNTAIN TIME OR BUST!! I don't really blame anybody for being loyal to their brand, especially if the brand got em' young.  Some people are BMW lifers, and that's okay. But I'm not sure BMW's are ever going to speak to me at a primordial level [MEAT VOICE] UNNGGG ITS  WASH DAY AGAIN.  NOOOO!! I'M GOING TO GET AN EXTRA DAY OUT OF THESE UNDIES IF IT KILLS ME! TIGHTY WHITIES, EVERYTHING'S IN CHECK! But you NEED to drive an E30. If you want to pass yourself off as a car enthusiast, then E30 is more of a prerequisite than english comp 1. The acceleration has zero dead spots. It doesn't climb onto the cam. And when you hear people who are into cars talk about "climbing onto the cams",  it means that with most double overhead cam engines,you have, there's a point where the cams start to speed up. Now I know that's sort of a misnomer but i'm speaking from a kind of imaginative standpoint.  Imagine you're watching that tach go up. There's a point where it'll jump. Honda's are notorious for this, and that's why people like honda's so much. But E30s don't do that, in fact most BMWs don't do that. There is no tipping point in the rev range. When you hear a car journalist refer to something called a "linear power band" this is what they're talking about. ("Linear power band") Say you want to go fast, so you give it 3/4ths throttle, and you're revving from 2,000 RPM to 6,000 RPM With most naturally aspirated double cam engines with four valves,  somewhere between 4,000 RPM and 5,000 RPM the revs will start to climbing faster even though your foot hasn't moved. That's climbing onto the cam.  But a BMW E30, that tachometer will move at a steady pace all the way up and down. So if you're going autocrossing or if you're at a track day.... bro (bro) you can make fine adjustments to your speed while at high RPM without a sudden burst of power gettin' to the rear wheels getting them loose and making you spin. "Can I give it just a little bit?" "yeah!" RNnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnNNNNNNNN "OOOooooohhh! That's why people like E30s" A BMW E30 is classically perfect. Its the best introduction to any sort of enthusiast driving experience. OK, so you're 20, and you've been driving your hand-me-down Oldsmobile Alero but you wanna get into cars. What should you pick? And you have no idea what you wanna do but you know you wanna do it in the correct way.  You get an E30. An E30 is to car to what Magic the Gathering is to car based fantasy games. What a Ruger 10/22 is to marksmanship. What a Ninja 250 is to motorcycling.  What Audiotechnica is to sound recording. What AMD is to building your first computer. What Yuengling porter is to being introduced to craft beer. What Peacerock in Hamburg is to doing stupid stuff. What a Yamaha blaster is to broken collar bones. Driving the E30, now, in 2014 is sort of like finally banging the prom queen, except she's 41, two kids deep, twice divorced and out of options But you're taking the plunge anyway so you can just say ya did.  ROMAN OUTRO RAP: I be flirty, my knee's dirty from assuming the position for the E30 I'm still wordy with the things I say same way I ain't choosy about the girls I lay, well, assuming that I'm getting laid. Aw hell. Its tough hitting up the same old halls, smell this rag really doesn't taste like chloroform, and could you maybe tell me all your thoughts on port reform? Uhh, what was I talking bout? Bee M Dubs I've gotta take a dump because I've got that BM love But when get back can we see about that date? Can we see about trading in your RX-8? Because you're like my appendix girl, I have no doubt I don't know what you do I wanna take you out. So check my BMW,  We'll grab a stout If you're a lesbian we'll still be friends, so les be out! Unh!